[theme song starts]
[computer beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer beeping]
[eerie music]
[gasps]
[growling]
[roars]
[screams]
Who is that screaming?
Oh…
Well… You are.
[growls]
Do you know what time it is?
-[grunts] Five o'clock in the morning…
-Yes, that's right!
And this is the third night in a row
you've woken me up.
I have had it!
[Aelita gasps]
[unintelligible chatter]
[gasps]
-[growling]
-[Aelita gasps]
[gasping, screams]
Out of our way.
Don't go in there!
There's a huge wolf inside!
[Sissi scoffs]
Oh, really?
[Aelita gasps]
[all screaming]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[comedic horn]
A four-eyed wolf.
[all laughing]
[grunts]
[melancholic music]
It's a shame you didn't dream about me,
Aelita!
Because you know me,
I'm a real dream come true!
More like a nightmare
to tell the truth, Odd!
[Odd scoffs]
These visions of yours
are becoming a real problem.
It all started at the Hermitage.
I think you should go back there!
[Odd] What? Back to that old house?
I'm not sure you remember, but last time,
we were attacked by a cupboard,
a lamp and a gang of forks!
[sighs]
I don't like that place. It scares me.
We don't have any choice, Aelita.
If we don't do something,
your hallucinations could get worse!
[Jeremy] Don't worry,
this time we'll be with you.
[Aelita] My legs are shaking…
What's happening to me?
[Odd] You're scared.
It's nothing to worry about!
It happens to Jeremy all the time!
[Jeremy] Come on, we'll see who's scared.
[door creaks]
[foreboding music]
There… there… Stay down, boy.
See. Everything is just fine.
[foreboding music continues]
[screaming]
[howling]
[growling]
[screaming]
[gasps]
[panting]
[gasping]
Aelita, you okay?
Yes… I mean, I think so!
Did you have another vision?
[ominous music]
Yes, but it was different this time.
It's as if something
or someone was leading me to…
There was something in a tree
like that one.
[gasps]
[Aelita] Mr. Pück…
[theme music]
[mysterious music]
[Jeremy] So to make a long story short,
Aelita's never seen this toy gnome,
but she's been dreaming about it for days
and she knows it's called Mister Pück!
It's not a gnome, it's an elf.
[Odd] Well, whatever it is,
this whole story is definitely paranormal.
-[grunts]
-So Aelita? Still playing with dolls?
Sissi! Give that back right now!
Go fetch!
[laughing]
Hey! A bit of advice,
give me that toy right now!
What toy?
[Odd] Herb, I dare you
to take your glasses off, come on!
[grunts]
I got it!
[chuckles]
[Mrs. Meyer] What is all this noise about?
Okay. You can have it,
but only because it's you!
[Mrs. Meyer] Right.
Look at this triangle marked A,B,C…
[Mrs. Meyer] The point "I"
is in the middle of the segment AB…
[Jeremy] What's this key doing here?
[Aelita] What do you think it opens?
I sure wish I knew
but I have no idea at all.
[Mrs. Meyer]
It's a property that can be proven.
-[Mrs. Meyer] Do I have a volunteer…
-Hey!
A locker!
It's the key to a train station locker!
Jeremy. I'm listening.
A complex number is called transcendent
only if the rational coefficient's
polynomial root is a polynomial zero.
Yes, indeed. That is
the Sierpiński-Mazurkiewicz paradox.
But it is not the answer to our problem.
So, zero.
[laughing]
[announcer] Train 6537 leaving
on track five, all aboard!
[Jeremy] This is it!
Would you like to do the honors?
[action music]
[all gasping]
[Ulrich] FH, what does that stand for?
Fuzzy hands, fifty-cent hot dog,
fried "hegg."
"Egg" doesn't start with an H.
Just testing to see
if you were on your toes.
[Odd] Oh wow! Music.
Certainly not.
[Jeremy]
Let's see what we can come up with.
-[Jeremy] Franz Hopper's diary!
-[Yumi] Great!
Maybe we'll be able to find out more
about the Hermitage's mysterious owner.
[Jeremy] For sure! But not right away,
everything is encrypted.
-[Jeremy] We'll have to decode it first.
-[Ulrich] How much time do you need?
-[Ulrich] One, maybe two hours?
-More like one or two years.
[grunts]
[tense music]
[rock music playing on alarm]
-[Ulrich] Come on, time to get up.
-[Odd groans] Just a little bit longer.
I'm gonna take a shower.
[lamp rattles]
[barking, growling]
[groaning]
[groaning, screaming]
Ulrich, you can't…
[Ulrich groaning]
[groaning in pain]
[Ulrich coughing]
-[Ulrich groans]
-[gasps]
[theme music]
Jeremy! Jeremy!
[gasps, grunts]
XANA's ghosts attacked us! Me and Ulrich!
What?
Don't worry. No harm done. They ran away.
The Superscan didn't detect any
activated towers. XANA'S attack failed.
That's weird. XANA can possess humans…
But not you two!
It must have something to do
with sex appeal…
[scoffs]
Yeah, right. I'm sure of that.
[Odd] See you later.
[grunts]
[Jeremy groaning]
[tense music]
[distorted groaning]
[Jim] Running is the noblest event
in athletics,
except maybe for the long jump,
or the shot put, javelin, high jump,
pole vault…
Some of you may associate running
with cowardice, as in running away.
Nothing could be further from the truth,
as he who runs well goes far.
[chuckles]
Jeremy! Now let's see how powerful
your strides are.
[clears throat]
For those of you with short memories,
let me remind you that…
What was I gonna say? Right.
May I remind you
that we start when I say "go"!
Not on "get set" and not on "ready".
I mean, well, after "ready, get set,"
is when I say, "go!"
Right. Okay. On your marks…
Get set, go!
Ouch!
-[Jim] What now?
-[Jeremy] I twisted my ankle.
[Jim] Yeah, of course you did.
You don't get strong muscles
sitting in front of a computer.
Herb, take him to the infirmary!
Jim, would you mind
if Aelita came with me instead?
[sighs]
Okay, whatever. Go on, then!
Take him far away from me.
[grunts]
Jeremy! You're not limping anymore!
Has your ankle stopped hurting?
-[grunting]
-[Aelita gasps]
[tense music]
Huh?
[gasps]
[phone vibrating]
[whispers] Yumi?
[Yumi] Ulrich, I think
Jeremy's been possessed by XANA!
Are you sure?
This morning, Odd and I were almost
possessed by a couple of ghosts.
But they didn't succeed.
Why would it have worked on Jeremy?
[Yumi] No idea,
but I saw him heading for the parklands.
Aelita's in his arms. She was unconscious!
No!
[Jeremy grunts]
I'll check the super scan!
Let's meet at the factory!
Okay.
Pitiful!
A slug could've made it around faster!
Ulrich!
I'm counting on you to raise the level!
Okay,
but I've got to go to the restroom first.
Oh, and I gotta go too, Jim.
[sighs]
Okay, okay!
Make it snappy!
Right! Which one of you wimps is next?
[digital scanning, alert beeping]
[Yumi] Sector One, the ice territory,
south, southeast.
[Yumi grunts]
[grunts]
[Yumi] Yeah, XANA's attacked.
We have to stop Jeremy and fast too!
Okay, we're on it.
[Aelita gasps]
Jeremy!
[grunts]
[Aelita gasps]
Jeremy, no! Listen to me, please!
[groaning]
[tense music]
[grunting]
[scanning]
So are you going down, too?
[shouts]
Boy, it's totally weird
to be fighting against Jeremy.
I mean, I don't want to hurt him, but…
[Odd groans]
[tense music]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[panting]
[Aelita screams]
[mechanical whirring]
-[action music]
-[Yumi shouting]
Quick! We've got to get to Lyoko!
Here. These are the coordinates
of the activated tower.
You guys go ahead.
I'll take care of him!
[growls]
[Odd] Okay. Over here, twinkle fingers!
I have a good feeling
we're really going to hit it off.
[action music]
[Yumi] How are you doing, Aelita?
Think you can handle it?
I'm not as good as Jeremy at it.
[beeps]
[Aelita] The virtualization countdown
has been launched.
[static zapping]
[Aelita] Look, there!
He who runs well, goes far!
Is Odd the one
who teaches you nonsense like that?
No, as a matter of fact, it's Jim.
-[tense music]
-[Jeremy grunting]
[gasps]
[Odd] I'm sure glad that post was there
and not my face.
[Odd] Got any other tricks up your sleeve?
[Jeremy growls]
[Odd] Uh oh,
that wasn't very smart, was it?
Especially since you're the one
who's got to fix it.
[growls]
Keep your eyes open!
We don't have Jeremy to warn us
about monsters this time.
[digital scanning, beeping]
[rapid footsteps]
[alert beeping]
[rumbling]
Uh oh! I don't like the sound of that.
[groaning]
How can you have a decent discussion
with someone who has no sense of humor?
[grunts] Easy does it!
[laughs] Not so clever now, huh?
Blocks!
[action music]
-[Odd] Take this!
-[growling]
[groaning]
[whirring]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Yumi, protect Aelita.
I'll take care of the Blocks.
[Yumi] Right.
[Ulrich] Triplicate!
[whirring]
[grunts]
Fusion!
[tense music]
[Odd] Hey, sparky! Scared of heights, huh?
Okay, so you're not scared of heights.
[Odd groans, screams]
[theme music]
[grunting]
Nice one, Aelita!
[whirring]
I'm gonna knock your block off,
you dumb blockhead!
Sounds like you miss Odd.
Your jokes are worse than his.
[action music]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
That's what I call a job…
[gasping]
[in distorted voice] Materialization Yumi.
[gasps]
Yumi…
[groans]
[Aelita gasping]
Ulrich!
Hang on!
[groaning]
I'm coming.
Triangulate!
[whirring]
[beeping]
[gasps]
[Aelita] The Scyphozoa!
[digital beeping]
[gasping]
[groans]
[gasps]
Aelita!
[theme music]
[digital beeping]
[grunts]
It's not nice
to devirtualize your best friends.
[groaning]
[Odd coughing, gasping]
-[groaning]
-[Ulrich] Super sprint!
[gasps]
-Thanks, Ulrich.
-No sweat. Head for the tower.
[Ulrich]
I'll take care of this overgrown bug.
[gasping]
[grunting]
[shouts]
Never trust a guy with glasses.
[Yumi groaning]
[grunting]
[ethereal music]
[Odd groaning]
[beeping]
[groaning]
[groaning louder]
[digital typing, beeping]
[Odd screaming]
[beeping]
Tower deactivated.
[powering down]
[gasping]
[theme music]
Well? How are you feeling?
[sighs]
Strange.
[Jeremy] I remember talking to Odd
and Ulrich and then after that, nothing,
just a black hole.
XANA took control of you.
[gasps]
He destroyed all of Franz Hopper's CDs.
Apparently,
he had a problem with his notes.
Whew!
What do you mean "whew"? It's a disaster!
No, it isn't!
Last night when I got back
from the train station, I stopped in here.
[Jeremy] And I copied the CDs
onto a highly-restricted access part
of the super computer!
I'm the only one who can access them!
You're a genius, Jeremy!
Still, there's something I don't get.
Why couldn't XANA's ghosts
take control of Odd and me,
and then have no trouble
controlling Jeremy?
-No idea.
-[Yumi] I might have an explanation.
Apart from you,
we're all used to fighting on Lyoko.
Maybe that gives us more resistance
to XANA?
Maybe…
[Jeremy] But then how can we protect me?
[grunts]
I just might have the answer.
[whirring]
[sighs]
[Odd] Well?
That's the last time
I ever set foot on Lyoko!
[Ulrich] Why?
Just because of a couple of Megatanks?
[Jeremy] It's really just not my thing.
[Jeremy] I'll never be able to hack it.
You know, I think I'd rather be possessed
by XANA than go back there!
I'll just keep on the lookout for ghosts,
that's all!
Well? What did he look like on Lyoko?
He looked… How…
How can I say this tactfully?
Ridiculous.
That's the word.
[all laughing]
[orchestral music]
[Aelita's voice] Come on, Mister Pück!
Let's go for a walk in the garden.
[Aelita grunts]
[theme music]